We will add all endpoints this time before testing each of them in Postman.
Let's start off with the first endpoint that we created when
implementing the Object Persistence model,
the GetAllItemsFromDatabase.
Starting off in the Controller, this code remains the same.
Heading through to our MovieService class,
the only thing that we have to add is the code to map our response that
we get back from DynamoDB into our MovieContract.
Let's head into our Mapper class,
and we'll add a method that has a return type of IEnumerableMovieResponse.
We'll call this method ToMovieContract,
and pass in the IEnumerable of type Document.
The Document type is from the DynamoDB's SDK.
When using the document model,
this is what is returned back to us when we call off to our DynamoDB table,
MovieRank.
We need to ensure that we add the Document model using statement.
Using link, we will say items.Select, and we'll call off to a separate method.
We do this as the document model as it stands is an IEnumerable,
so we'll get back a document collection.
We want to go through each item and map each item to a single movie response.
Our second method that we'll be calling off to will have a return type
of MovieResponse and have the same name as above.
This is called an overload method, where we have the same method name,
but pass in different parameters.
Inside our method, we'll return a new MovieResponse,
and map each of the items that are in our MovieResponseContract.
For MovieName, to get our items back from DynamoDB's document model,
we say item, open square brackets, MovieName.
The names in the square brackets correspond to the property
names we have set in our DynamoDB table,
MovieRank.
We'll map the rest of our objects, Description,
for Actors, because this is a complex type,
we want to use .AsListOfString to allow us to map the list of actors
we get back from DynamoDB into our Actors property.
Ranking, we'll convert this to an int.
You might be wondering why we need to convert our Ranking to an int when
Ranking was set as a number when creating our DynamoDB table.
Well,
that's because to maximize compatibility across
different languages and libraries,
numbers are sent across the network to DynamoDB as strings.
The reason for setting a number in DynamoDB over just setting a string
is to allow us to perform mathematical operations.
And finally TimeRanked,
we want to add these two methods to our IMapper interface,
and add the DynamoDBv2.DocumentModel using statement.
Inside our MovieRankRepository class,
we will create a constant at the top of our class that
will store our table name MovieRank.
When working with DynamoDB's Object Persistence model,
we were using the DynamoDBContext to scan,
query, get, and add items.
When using the document model, we'll be using DynamoDB's Table class.
We will create a field at the top of our class of type Table named table.
We need to ensure we have the DynamoDBv2.DocumentModel using statement.
We will create a constructor and pass in our IAmazonDynamoDB
client that we set up in our Startup class when creating our
MovieRankApplication template.
We'll also ensure that we've added the DynamoDBv2 using statement.
Inside our constructor, we will say table equals Table.LoadTable.
The LoadTable method takes in two parameters,
the dynamoDbClient and the Table name.
Now that we have our table loaded up,
we can create our method to get all items from our database.
We will create a method with the return type of Task IEnumerable Document,
and name our method GetAllItems.
Inside our method, we need to create a scan operation config object,
we'll be using the scan method, so we'll say table.Scan,
and pass in the config that we created above.
Like with the Object Persistence model,
we will add the GetRemainingAsync method to tell
DynamoDB to give us all items back.
We will ensure that this method has been added to our interface, and we'll ensure we've added the document model using statement.